Add some text about aud (#79)
ietf-wg-spice/draft-ietf-spice-sd-cwt: draft-ietf-spice-sd-cwt.md

By performing these steps, the recipient can cryptographically verify the integrity of the protected claims and verify they have not been tampered with.

> If there remain unused Digest To Disclosed Claim Map at the end of this procedure the SD-CWT MUST be considered invalid, as if the signature had failed to verify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there remain unused claims in the Digest To Disclosed Claim Map at the end of this procedure the SD-CWT MUST be considered invalid, as if the signature had failed to verify.
```

> A verifier MUST reject the SD-CWT if the audience claim in either SD-CWT or SD-KBT contains a value which is not recognized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A verifier MUST reject the SD-CWT if the audience claim in either the SD-CWT or the SD-KBT contains a value that is not recognized.
```

Extra care should be taken in case the SD-CWT subject claim is redacted.
Likewise, Holders and Verifiers need to verify that the issuer claim of the SD-CWT corresponds to the Issuer and the key described in the protected header of the SD-CWT.

## Audience

The audience claim if present in both the SD-CWT and the SD-KBT, is not required to be the same.

> It is important to reject SD-CWT with an unrecognized audience claim, to protect against accidental disclosure of sensitive data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SD-CWTs with an unrecognized audience claim are rejected, to protect against accidental disclosure of sensitive data.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
